Excel and every other spreadsheet program that I know of is terrible at reading CSV files.  But that's not really the fault of the spreadsheet software.  It's just not designed for that.  Spreadsheets are for making calculations, but CSVs are for storing data.  We use Excel to open a CSV because it kinda/sorta looks like a spreadsheet, but it's just not a spreadsheet.  This leads to problems like Excel misinterpreting data-- A column will be for something like "Last 4 Phone number", which can be something like "0117", but Excel sees that and thinks "Number", and displays it as "117".  A dollar amount will be displayed as "3.10", and Excel displays it as "3.1".  Even worse is something like a hex code, which could have letters in it but it might not, so some values in that column will be right-aligned and others will be left-aligned, because Excel interprets some values as numbers and others as words.  Then there are problems with interpreting dates and whatnot.  It's just an annoying mess.

So, Excel stinks for reading CSVs, because CSVs are stores of data, not spreadsheets.

What about databases, then?  I've tried using SQLite to handle CSV files, but that actually has a completely different set of problems.  For starters, you have basically no rules on what can be a header in a CSV file, but you do have restrictions on field names in most relational database software.  Secondly, values in relational databases are almost always typed-- It's a string or it's a number or what-have-you.  Values in CSV files are not typed.  This is actually the same problem we had in Excel, but it's a little more complicated this time.  Now we have to either manually type each column or find some way to automatically identify the type of each column.  (It's worth noting that SQLite is a relational database, whereas a CSV file is just a single table, which, if I remember correctly, is called a "flat" database, so a relational database is kind of overkill anyway.)

Constantly frustrated with having no good solution to viewing data in a CSV file, I finally decided to make this program to read CSV files without the problem of spreadsheets showing me misinterpreted data.

csv.c (and its header file) is taken from here-- https://github.com/semitrivial/csv\_parser/tree/master.  It's been modded by adding a delimiter option and making one static function non-static.  I am immensily grateful to its author for making this project much easier.

I'm really just making this for myself, so I'm only adding features that I need at the moment.  At the moment, this program presupposes that the CSV files has headers.  It does not handle delimiters other than commas.  It only reads and does not edit.  All of these are things that might be updated in the future, if I find that I have a need for it.
